String
----------

1. String variables are stored in "constant string pool". once the string reference changes its value, the older value remains
remains in constant pool. it cann't be erased.
These strings are also known as interned string.

String str="Book";
str="Pen"; // Book retais in string pool.

2. String builder variable will be stored in stack. If the value are changed, new value replaces the old value.

StringBuffer str= new StringBuffer("Book");
str="pen";// Book will be replaced to pen

Note: String Buffer is thread safe i.e. synchronised. hence performance is slow.

3. String Builder is same as String Buffer except it is not thread safe i.e. not synchronised. Hence performance is fast.

4. String instance created with new keyword are stored in Java heap memory.

5. String class is designed with the Flyweightdesign pattern. Flyweight pattern is about sharing collection of objects.

6. Stack: is where local variables both primitives like int, float, etc & references to objects in the heap and method
 parameters are stored.

7. Heap: is where objects are stored. For example, an instance of “Person” with name=”John” and age=25. 
Strings will be stored in String Pool within the heap.

8. String class is designed with the Flyweight design pattern in mind. Flyweight is all about re-usability without 
having to create too many objects in memory.

9.Immutable means that each time the value of and object has changed a new reference is created for it on stack. You 
can't talk about immutability in case of primitive types,only the Wrapper Classes are immutable.

10. String class is made immutable for performance, thread-safe, string pooling, hashing etc.

11.Why is a char array i.e char[] preferred over String to store a password?
 String is immutable in Java and stored in the String pool. Once it is created it stays in the pool until garbage 
collected. This has greater risk of 
1) someone producing a memory dump to find the password 
2) the application accidently logging password as a readable string.